Privacy Policy for "MyVisit Rega Helper"

Last updated: 16.03.2023

MyVisit Rega Helper ("us", "we", or "our") operates the "MyVisit Rega Helper" Chrome Extension (hereinafter referred to as the "Service"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

Types of Data Collected:

a. Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Name
ID number
Phone number

b. Usage Data

We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g., IP address), browser type, browser version and other diagnostic data.

Use of Data
MyVisit Rega Helper uses the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent, and address technical issues
Data Storage and Transfer
The data we collect from you, including Personal Data, is stored on Telegram bot servers and is passed to the extension using a secret token. We take all necessary measures to ensure the security of your data during transmission and storage.

Disclosure of Data
We may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

To comply with a legal obligation
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability


Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

By email: webstore.dev.tarsis[@]gmail.com
By visiting this page on our website: [Your Website URL]

MyVisit Rega Helper is not affiliated with or endorsed by Telegram or Google.
